c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessGame\ChessGame\ChessGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\black.xnb
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessGame\ChessGame\ChessGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\white.xnb
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessGame\ChessGame\ChessGame\bin\x86\Debug\ChessGame.exe
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessGame\ChessGame\ChessGame\bin\x86\Debug\ChessGame.pdb
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessGame\ChessGame\ChessGame\obj\x86\Debug\ChessGame.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessGame\ChessGame\ChessGame\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessGame\ChessGame\ChessGame\obj\x86\Debug\ChessGame.exe
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessGame\ChessGame\ChessGame\obj\x86\Debug\ChessGame.pdb
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessGame\ChessGame\ChessGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\wknight.xnb
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessGame\ChessGame\ChessGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\bknight.xnb
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessGame\ChessGame\ChessGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\bbishop.xnb
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessGame\ChessGame\ChessGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\bking.xnb
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessGame\ChessGame\ChessGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\bpawn.xnb
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessGame\ChessGame\ChessGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\bqueen.xnb
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessGame\ChessGame\ChessGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\brook.xnb
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessGame\ChessGame\ChessGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\wbishop.xnb
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessGame\ChessGame\ChessGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\wking.xnb
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessGame\ChessGame\ChessGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\wpawn.xnb
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessGame\ChessGame\ChessGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\wqueen.xnb
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessGame\ChessGame\ChessGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\wrook.xnb
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChessGame\ChessGame\ChessGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\green.xnb
C:\Users\Nick\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ChessGame\ChessGame\ChessGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\blue.xnb
